Fix broken links (#17385)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

#### Removal of Deprecated Features

> Managed proxies (which have been deprecated since Consul 1.3.0) have now been 
> [removed](/consul/docs/connect/proxies). Before upgrading, you will need to 
> migrate any managed proxy usage to [sidecar service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managed proxies were deprecated in Consul v1.3.0 and have now been 
[removed](/consul/docs/connect/proxies). Before upgrading, 
migrate any managed proxy usage to [sidecar service
```
